Clarify what it means for a report to be "previously aggregated." (#570)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

  was removed in draft 11, as it is required to decrypt collection results in
  some cases. (\*)

> - Clarify what it means for a report to be "previously aggregated."

Reviewer: I probably wouldn't list this in the CL.

   error `invalid_message`.

1. Check if the report has been previously aggregated. If so, the input share

>    MUST be marked as invalid with the error `report_replayed`. A report is
>    considered aggregated if its contribution would be included in the relevant
>    collection request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   MUST be marked as invalid with the error `report_replayed`. A report is
   considered aggregated if its contribution would be include in a relevant
   collection job.
```
